"...civilization is sterilization" - Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
"You can’t play Electro-magnetic Golf according to the rules of Centrifugal Bumble-puppy." - Aldous Huxley, Brave New World
"People who are skilled at dialogue have the confidence to say what needs to be said to the person who needs to hear it." - Kerry Patterson, Crucial Conversations
"Those living in palaces have always had different agendas to those living in shacks." - Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus
"...in truth the lives of most people have meaning only within the network of stories they tell one another" - Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus
"History isn’t a single narrative, but thousands of alternative narratives." - Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus
"Let the jagged edge of sobriety be now dulled" - Richard Matheson, I Am Legend
"If you’re offered a seat on a rocket ship, you don’t ask what seat. You just get on." - Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In
"...the act of retrieving a memory changes the memory, making it easier to retrieve again later." - Make It Stick
"...if you’re not ready to take advantage of luck, luck doesn’t do you much good" - Andrew Smith, Moondust
"Any mask put on will, after long enough, grow into the skin." - Mary Gentle, Black Motley
"It’s a dangerous business, Frodo, going out of your door,” he used to say. “You step into the Road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there is no knowing where you might be swept off to" - Gandalf the Gray, in J.R.R. Tolkein's Fellowship of the Ring
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world" - Thorin Oakenshield, in J.R.R. Tolkein's The Hobbit
"...you go to war with the army you have, not the army you might want or wish to have at a later time." - Donald Rumsfeld
"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." - Wintson Churchill
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
"The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter." - Winston Churchill
"Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential." - Winston Churchill
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." - 14th Dalai Lama
"If you can't solve a problem, it's because you're playing by the rules" - Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be
"I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious" - Albert Einstein
"The amateur waits for inspiration. The professional knows that it will come after he starts."
"You cannot understand good design if you do not understand people; design is made for people" - Charles Eames
"What is done cannot be undone, but one can prevent it happening again." - Anne Frank
"Socialism never took root in America because the poor see themselves not as an exploited proletariat but as temporarily embarrassed millionaires." - John Steinbeck
"If we don’t end war, war will end us." - John Cabal, in H. G. Wells' *Things To Come*
"Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened." - Dr. Seuss
"If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything." - Mark Twain
"The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read." - Mark Twain
"It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living." - Dr. Seuss